Candroid-Catalogue/README.md, before:


***

# Candroid catalogue

[`See in separate repository`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Catalogue/)

<details open><summary><p><b>[Click/tap here to expand/collapse the catalog table]</b></p></summary>

| Icon | Name | Replaces | Description | :octocat: Repository | Secondary icon |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Core | Android framework | `Candroid is the ultimate Android BusyBox, and a complete open-source re-implementation of everything Android. Currently only available on Linux.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid App Store | Google Play Store | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-App-Store/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-App-Store/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Assistant | Google Assistant | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Assistant/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Assistant/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Battery Monitor | Unknown | `Coming soon` |! [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Battery-Monitor/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Battery-Monitor/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Browser | AOSP Stock browser & Google Chrome | `Coming soon`  | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Browser/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Browser) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Calculator/PNG/Candroid-Calculator_Icon_1000p_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Calculator/PNG/Candroid-Calculator_Icon_1000p_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Calculator | Google Calculator | `The Candroid calculator application, an alternative to the Google calculator found in Android` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calculator/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calculator/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Calculator/Calculator-Icon-Android_Lollipop.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Calculator/Calculator-Icon-Android_Lollipop.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Calendar | Google Calendar | `Coming soon` |  [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calendar/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroi-Calendar/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Camera | Google Camera | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Camera/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Camera/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Clock | Google Clock | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Clock/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Clock/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Contacts | Google Contacts | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Contacts/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Contacts/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Debug | `Unknown` | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Debug/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Debug/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Easter Egg | Android Easter Egg | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Easter-Egg/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Easter-Egg/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid File Cabinet | Google Files | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-File-Cabinet/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-File-Cabinet/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Keyboard | Android Keyboard & Google GBoard | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Keyboard/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Keyboard/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Market | Android Market | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Market/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Market/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Mail/PNG/Candroid-Mail_Icon_1000px_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Mail/PNG/Candroid-Mail_Icon_1000px_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Mail | GMail (application) | `Candroid Mail is a email platform wrapper, which replaces GMail with ProtonMail, and other email sites. An alternative to the GMail app on Android.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Mail/Mail-Icon1.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Mail/Mail-Icon1.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Notepad/PNG/Candroid-Notepad_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Notepad/PNG/Candroid-Notepad_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Nottepad | Nothing | `Candroid Notepad is a notepad app for the Candroid framework/environment. It is not a replacement to an Android stock program, as Android never included a notepad` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Notepad/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Notepad/Notepad-Icon-1.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Notepad/Notepad-Icon-1.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Phone | Google Phone | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Phone/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Phone/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Photo Viweer | Google Image Viewer | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Photo-Viewer/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Photo-Viewer/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Settings | Android Settings | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Settings/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Settings/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Tube/PNG/Candroid-Tube_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Tube/PNG/Candroid-Tube_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Tube | YouTube (application) | `Candroid Tube is a video platform wrapper, which replaces YouTube with Vimeo, DailyMotion, BitTube, Reddit, and other video sites. An alternative to the YouTube app on Android.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Tube/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Tube/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Tube/VideoIcon1_Blue.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Tube/VideoIcon1_Blue.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid TV | Android TV | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-TV/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-TV/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) | [Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) 
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Video | Android Video Player | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Video/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Video/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Voicemail | Android Voicemail | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Voicemail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Voicemail/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Wallpaper | Android Core (partial) | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Wallpaper/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Wallpaper/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Coming soon | Coming soon | `Coming soon` | [`Coming soon`](https://www.example.com/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) | [Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |

</details>

## Catalog details

| Count | What for? |
|---|---|
| `05` | _total existing items in catalog (created repositories and in development) as of 2022, Saturday, November 26th_ |
| `25` | _total items in catalog, as of 2022, Saturday, November 26th._ |

***

### File info

<details open><summary><p lang="en"><b><u>Click/tap here to expand/collapse this section</u></b></p></summary>

**File type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**File version:** `4 (2022, Saturday, November 26th at 5:20 pm PST)`

**Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):** `155`

**Current article language:** `English (EN_USA)` / `Markdown (CommonMark)` / `HTML5 (HyperText Markup Language 5.3)`

**Encoding:** `UTF-8 (Emoji 12.0 or higher recommended)`

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)** `(Please also account for DST (Daylight Savings Time) for older/newer entries up until it is abolished/no longer followed)`

_Note that on 2022, Sunday, March 13th at 2:00 am PST, the time jumped ahead 1 hour to 3:00 am._

**You may need special rendering support for the `<details>` HTML tag being used in this document**

</details>

***

## File history

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Click/tap here to expand/collapse the file history section for this project</b></p></summary>

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 1 (2022, Thursday, November 24th at 7:32 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Started the file
- [x] Added the main table, with 3 entries, plus 1 filler entry
- [x] Added a timestamp
- [ ] No other changes in version 1

</details> <!-- End of version 1 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 2 (2022, Friday, November 25th at 5:08 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table, adding `Candroid-Mail` as an entry
- [x] Removed the timestamp, and added the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Added the version number
- - [x] Added the version date
- - [x] Added the line count
- [x] Added the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 1
- - [x] Added an entry for version 2
- [ ] No other changes in version 2

</details> <!-- End of version 2 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 3 (2022, Friday, November 25th at 7:24 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table
- - [x] Now in A-Z order, Candroid-Tube moved to before Candroid-Mail
- - [x] Added support for secondary icons
- - [x] Made the table collapsable
- - [x] Added an entry count line
- [x] Updated the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Updated the version number
- - [x] Updated the version date
- - [x] Updated the line count
- [x] Updated the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 3
- [x] Internal: Added comments in the version history section to better document and organize the source code
- [ ] No other changes in version 3

</details> <!-- End of version 3 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 4 (2022, Saturday, November 26th at 5:20 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table
- - [x] Added 20 entries that are planned for the future
- - [x] Added an entry for Candroid Notepad
- - [x] Added a counter for how many items are on the catalog total
- - [x] Added a counter for how many items are on the catalog and have started development
- [x] Updated the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Updated the version number
- - [x] Updated the version date
- - [x] Updated the line count
- [x] Updated the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 4
- [ ] No other changes in version 4

</details> <!-- End of version 34 !-->

</details> <!-- End of version history !-->

***

Commit message:

README.md [V5]
Version 5 of the README.md file for this directory set.

Candroid-Catalogue/README.md, after:


***

# Candroid catalogue

[`See in separate repository`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Catalogue/)

<details open><summary><p><b>[Click/tap here to expand/collapse the catalog table]</b></p></summary>

| Icon | Name | Replaces | Description | :octocat: Repository | Secondary icon |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Core | Android framework | `Candroid is the ultimate Android BusyBox, and a complete open-source re-implementation of everything Android. Currently only available on Linux.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid App Store | Google Play Store | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-App-Store/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-App-Store/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Assistant | Google Assistant | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Assistant/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Assistant/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Battery Monitor | Unknown | `Coming soon` |! [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Battery-Monitor/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Battery-Monitor/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Browser | AOSP Stock browser & Google Chrome | `Coming soon`  | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Browser/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Browser) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Calculator/PNG/Candroid-Calculator_Icon_1000p_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Calculator/PNG/Candroid-Calculator_Icon_1000p_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Calculator | Google Calculator | `The Candroid calculator application, an alternative to the Google calculator found in Android` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calculator/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calculator/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Calculator/Calculator-Icon-Android_Lollipop.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Calculator/Calculator-Icon-Android_Lollipop.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Calendar | Google Calendar | `Coming soon` |  [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Calendar/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroi-Calendar/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Camera | Google Camera | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Camera/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Camera/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Clock | Google Clock | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Clock/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Clock/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Contacts | Google Contacts | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Contacts/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Contacts/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Debug | `Unknown` | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Debug/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Debug/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Easter Egg | Android Easter Egg | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Easter-Egg/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Easter-Egg/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-FileCabinet/PNG/Candroid-FIleCabinet_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-FileCabinet/PNG/Candroid-FIleCabinet_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid File Cabinet | Google Files | `Candroid FileCabinet is a file manager app for the Candroid framework/environment. It is a replacement to the Google Files application.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-FileCabinet/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-FileCabinet/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-FileCabinet/](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-FileCabinet/FileCabinetIcon2.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Keyboard | Android Keyboard & Google GBoard | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Keyboard/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Keyboard/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Market | Android Market | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Market/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Market/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Mail/PNG/Candroid-Mail_Icon_1000px_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Mail/PNG/Candroid-Mail_Icon_1000px_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Mail | GMail (application) | `Candroid Mail is a email platform wrapper, which replaces GMail with ProtonMail, and other email sites. An alternative to the GMail app on Android.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Mail/Mail-Icon1.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Mail/Mail-Icon1.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Notepad/PNG/Candroid-Notepad_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Notepad/PNG/Candroid-Notepad_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Nottepad | Nothing | `Candroid Notepad is a notepad app for the Candroid framework/environment. It is not a replacement to an Android stock program, as Android never included a notepad` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Mail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Notepad/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Notepad/Notepad-Icon-1.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Notepad/Notepad-Icon-1.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Phone | Google Phone | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Phone/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Phone/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Photo Viweer | Google Image Viewer | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Photo-Viewer/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Photo-Viewer/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Settings | Android Settings | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Settings/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Settings/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Tube/PNG/Candroid-Tube_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid-Tube/PNG/Candroid-Tube_1000pIcon_V1_HighCompression.png) | Candroid Tube | YouTube (application) | `Candroid Tube is a video platform wrapper, which replaces YouTube with Vimeo, DailyMotion, BitTube, Reddit, and other video sites. An alternative to the YouTube app on Android.` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Tube/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Tube/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Tube/VideoIcon1_Blue.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid-Tube/VideoIcon1_Blue.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid TV | Android TV | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-TV/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-TV/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) | [Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) 
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Video | Android Video Player | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Video/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Video/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Voicemail | Android Voicemail | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Voicemail/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Voicemail/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Candroid Wallpaper | Android Core (partial) | `Coming soon` | [`https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Wallpaper/`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/Candroid-Wallpaper/) |![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |
| ![/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png](/Graphics/Droids/Candroid/PNG/Candroid.png) | Coming soon | Coming soon | `Coming soon` | [`Coming soon`](https://www.example.com/) | ![Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) | [Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png](/Graphics/Secondary-Icons/Candroid/PlaceholderX.png) |

</details>

## Catalog details

( [`Browse older versions of the catalog (table)`](/Candroid-Catalogue/!OldVersions/TABLE/) | [`Browse older versions of the catalog (full listing)`](/Candroid-Catalogue/!OldVersions/README/) )

| Count | What for? |
|---|---|
| `06` | _total existing items in catalog (created repositories and in development) as of 2022, Sunday, November 27th_ |
| `25` | _total items in catalog, as of 2022, Sunday, November 27th._ |

***

### File info

<details open><summary><p lang="en"><b><u>Click/tap here to expand/collapse this section</u></b></p></summary>

**File type:** `Markdown (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**File version:** `5 (2022, Sunday, November 27th at 8:58 pm PST)`

**Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):** `178`

**Current article language:** `English (EN_USA)` / `Markdown (CommonMark)` / `HTML5 (HyperText Markup Language 5.3)`

**Encoding:** `UTF-8 (Emoji 12.0 or higher recommended)`

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)** `(Please also account for DST (Daylight Savings Time) for older/newer entries up until it is abolished/no longer followed)`

_Note that on 2022, Sunday, March 13th at 2:00 am PST, the time jumped ahead 1 hour to 3:00 am._

**You may need special rendering support for the `<details>` HTML tag being used in this document**

</details>

***

## File history

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Click/tap here to expand/collapse the file history section for this project</b></p></summary>

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 1 (2022, Thursday, November 24th at 7:32 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Started the file
- [x] Added the main table, with 3 entries, plus 1 filler entry
- [x] Added a timestamp
- [ ] No other changes in version 1

</details> <!-- End of version 1 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 2 (2022, Friday, November 25th at 5:08 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table, adding `Candroid-Mail` as an entry
- [x] Removed the timestamp, and added the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Added the version number
- - [x] Added the version date
- - [x] Added the line count
- [x] Added the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 1
- - [x] Added an entry for version 2
- [ ] No other changes in version 2

</details> <!-- End of version 2 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 3 (2022, Friday, November 25th at 7:24 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table
- - [x] Now in A-Z order, Candroid-Tube moved to before Candroid-Mail
- - [x] Added support for secondary icons
- - [x] Made the table collapsable
- - [x] Added an entry count line
- [x] Updated the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Updated the version number
- - [x] Updated the version date
- - [x] Updated the line count
- [x] Updated the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 3
- [x] Internal: Added comments in the version history section to better document and organize the source code
- [ ] No other changes in version 3

</details> <!-- End of version 3 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 4 (2022, Saturday, November 26th at 5:20 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table
- - [x] Added 20 entries that are planned for the future
- - [x] Added an entry for Candroid Notepad
- - [x] Added a counter for how many items are on the catalog total
- - [x] Added a counter for how many items are on the catalog and have started development
- [x] Updated the `File info` section in its place
- - [x] Updated the version number
- - [x] Updated the version date
- - [x] Updated the line count
- [x] Updated the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 4
- [ ] No other changes in version 4

</details> <!-- End of version 4 !-->

<details><summary><p lang="en"><b>Version 5 (2022, Sunday, November 27th at 8:58 pm PST)</b></p></summary>

**This version was made by:** [`@seanpm2001`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/)

> Changes:

- [x] Updated the main table
- - [x] Added an entry for Candroid FileCabinet
- - [x] Added a couple links for browsing old versions of the catalog in full, and the catalog in table format
- - [x] Updated the counter for how many items are on the catalog total
- - [x] Updated the counter for how many items are on the catalog and have started development
- [x] Updated the `File info` section
- - [x] Updated the version number
- - [x] Updated the version date
- - [x] Updated the line count
- [x] Updated the `File history` section
- - [x] Added an entry for version 5
- [ ] No other changes in version 5

</details> <!-- End of version 5 !-->

</details> <!-- End of version history !-->

***
